the FED has increased interest rates
marginally again this time bringing it
to a minimum of 1% the FED has also
suggested that they are working on a
plan to unwind their balance sheet which
has ballooned to nearly five
trillion is there any possible way that
completing this task will not destroy
the financial
system you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to look at the Fed I want to look
at China I want to look at a whole bunch
of issues so let's begin right here with
the FED it's important people have been
tracking the progress of the FED over
the years and it took them an extremely
long time just to get the interest rates
to rise up to this point now when we
look at the actions of the FED we need
to understand that they affect not just
what happens within the us but the
entire world they are extremely
important important in fact every word
that comes out of their mouth is very
very critical to the markets fed hikes
interest rates despite declining
inflation plan for balance sheet
reduction and I think that's more
important than the interest rates right
now because we have this crutch that's
in the system a $4.5 trillion crutch
that is in the system at this time it is
supporting it the worst of the worst wor
garbage has been purchased by the
central bank with the hope that at some
point they'll be able to sell it back
like a garage sale where people would
come in and pick up the pieces I don't
know what's going to happen exactly with
that because essentially they're letting
it run out all that garbage that they
bought and then somebody else would come
onto the market and pick it up and I do
believe that it could happen I mean look
people are buying negative interest
interest rate bonds it just seems like a
ridiculous proposition but we're in a
Topsy Turvy world so right here the
point that I want to make with this is
that should the Federal Reserve begin
this unwinding process what I do believe
is that this could very well collapse
the market now they're going to do so at
a slow rate and they suggest you know
it's going to take a few years they're
always too slow they begin too late
and they simply take too long to do
everything I don't know if they're going
to actually Reduce by the um I think it
was $2 trillion I don't know if that's
going to happen and I don't know how
long it's going to take all I know is
that globally we are seeing $1.5
trillion just this year alone being
printed by Central Bank so there's no
shortage on a global level and they
should be reducing their balance sheet
they should have done that in I mean
they should should have never have had
this happen but here we are anyway so
we'll see what happens with this we'll
see if they continue to increase
interest rates and when exactly are they
going to begin this unwinding policy
this article here I'm not going to
scroll through the whole thing but
essentially what it says is that the
rich and Powerful in China have been
disappearing very strange what has
happened we're talking about big people
we're talking about billionaires in some
cases and they are throughout you know
all different
sectors very strange what is happening
here I don't know exactly but perhaps
China is cleaning house on a few people
I don't know I really don't know and I
want to know exactly what's going on I'm
going to keep my eyes on it but the fact
that it happened I wanted to bring it to
you we look at what has happened in
Greece as a
a let's say a crystal ball for other
countries the austerity measures
extremely important because that's how
you crush an economy permanently you
don't want to crush the economy and then
have it come back a few years later you
want to permanently destroy the nation
and you could do that with the austerity
measures now not austerity like for
example if you cut military spending in
the US that would be seen as austerity
no no I'm talking about the you know
everything that has been going on people
are really suffering right now at a time
when they need some serious help and
unfortunately look at what money is
spent on it's always going to the worst
things IMF managing director Christine
lagard to propose approval in the
principle of a new agreement so what are
they talking talking about here well
there's a term that they use a lot and
that is reforms in this case policy
reforms staff level agreement followed
by support of legislation from the Greek
Parliament progress on debt
relief although you know when it goes on
here the IMF is the one dictating the
policy here the troa with the EU the IMF
calling the shock
it's not the government which really is
able to do
anything but look at what the IMF has
done look at the damage they have caused
in Greece already and they have done so
in other countries as well it doesn't
seem to be a very good idea to let them
have any say in anything but of course
that's the way this works the
technocratic elite are the ones who
control
now what is going to happened in Greece
if you haven't been following me here on
the channel before essentially what
what's happening
is
the seizure
of assets and that is happening with
the different uh what I would call like
Precious assets so you can see the
airports the streets the infrastructure
in general is being sold off to the
highest bidder and in fact those highest
biders are buying them for pennies on
the dollar so this is not a good thing
for the future I assure you but of
course it will continue Greece has
wrapped up a deal with the creditors on
details of reforms there's that word
again to unlock the next dispersement of
the 86 billion in the bailout
program they're cheering saying this is
a great thing but what's happening fresh
Cuts in
pensions this pisses a lot of people off
look how many videos I have done about
pension cuts and what part of the world
are they in everywhere pension cuts are
occurring everywhere sure some cases to
a small degree but look at Greece as the
perfect example when you cut pensions
people take to the
streets that's just the way it is they
can handle it they are suffering as it
is and then you cut the pensions they're
going to lose it and that's what's
happened here but it's going to occur
everywhere and that's just the way it is
look at
this one of the countries which has been
exporting
more over the past few years to such a
high degree is the US and I find that
interesting but if they stop exporting
that
oil should there be some you know issues
with Saudi Arabia or another country
they
can in fact just use their own oil and I
hope that they do so I think that's a
great idea I don't necessarily
understand why a country would want to
export their oil when they could simply
buy it from themselves I know there's a
a lot that goes on beyond that but it
doesn't make sense to me it really
doesn't you want to be as
self-sufficient as possible as an
individual but of course that applies to
a nation as well this right here is
right from the Nike website and
essentially what they said was that they
want to make Nike better they want
to have a way to increase productivity
and the best way to increase
productivity is to fire a hell of a lot
of people so in this case what Nike is
doing is firing 2% of the global
Workforce and 2% may not seem like much
but when you realize how many employees
Nike has 2% of their Workforce is very
serious so here it is another company
yet again firing a lot of
people billionaires are stockpiling land
that could be used in the apocalypse
here's where they're going and
essentially what this is is a whole
article about different people who are
buying massive swats of land and I just
wanted to show you this because the
elite seem to know something that the
majority doesn't and a lot of people
don't want to even think about this but
it just seems to be that that's the case
they're buying large land they're buying
Farmland they're buying
bunkers and uh that seems to be the
trend would you get your travel card
implanted into your hand Swedish
commuters raise concerns over security
and privacy by using microchips to pay
for their
Journey very
strange what's going on here in Sweden
they have the cashless society which is
growing to such a massive degree right
now there's barely any
cash and you also have this microchip
implanting and it seems that they're
going ahead with an opt-in policy at the
beginning people think it's cool people
think it's trendy and they get on with
it and I think it's fine if you want to
do that of course the problem Lies when
it becomes mandatory or it's not
necessarily mandatory but they force you
into it
so let's just say well you don't need to
get your kid
microchipped but then they can't go to
the public school so then a lot of
parents would say well you know I guess
I'll put the microchip in him as long as
it doesn't hurt him and they just give
in that's the way they do it they don't
necessarily have to make it mandatory
they just make your life extremely
difficult and most people would just
give
in and last but not least I just wanted
to show you this for those who didn't
see this Dennis Rodman who has become
The Unofficial ambassador to North
Korea gave the Trump book The Art of the
deal and he gave that to the um this
individual I believe he was like the
head of sports or the ambassador to of
sports or something like this and he uh
was meeting
with um Dennis Rodman of course the gift
is supposed to be for the Sue dreem
leader and I thought it was interesting
to say the least how this is all going
ahead I hope that cooler heads will
prevail in
this situation with everything with h
what's happening with North Korea that
brings in the tensions of China as well
there's the South China Sea debate I
mean there's so much going on and we
just need things to calm down that's
what we need right now at this time
that's all for today if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs
up of course if you found this video
informative I know you will find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative remember that the new book
is about
self-sufficiency getting out of the
system in what I call the money GPS
strategy my first book is about the four
asset classes and how to profit from
them so you can look through the book at
Amazon the link is in the description
take care